Feat: Unity offline caching (#3659)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

> <ConfigKey name="cache-directory-path" supported={["dotnet", "android"]} notSupported={["unity"]}>

Author: This seems very wrong. But all of `Transport Options` is inside a PlatformSection. So I can't just switch for individual lines. So how else would I go about it?

Reviewer: I agree, duplication means the content becomes wrong in at least one place. Rather than duplicate, I'd suggest updating the `Default` content (I'll edit that below)

Reviewer: If that doesn't make sense, lmk, and I'll play with it a bit more.

Specifies a local directory used for cacheing payloads. When this option is enabled (that is, when the directory is set), the Sentry SDK will persist envelopes locally before sending to Sentry. This configuration option is particularly useful if you expect your application to run in environments where internet connectivity is limited.

Default: not set (caching is disabled).

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="cache-directory-path" supported={["unity"]}>

Specifies a local directory used for cacheing payloads. When this option is enabled (that is, when the directory is set), the Sentry SDK will persist envelopes locally before sending to Sentry. This configuration option is particularly useful if you expect your application to run in environments where internet connectivity is limited.

> Default: Set to `Application.persistentDataPath` (caching is enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: Varies per SDK, for .NET and Android, the default is not set (caching is disabled). For Unity, the default is set to `Application.persistentDataPath` (caching is enabled).
```

Reviewer 2: All Mobile SDKs have offline caching enabled by default.
Java and .NET have it disabled by default.

Default: not set (caching is disabled).

> Unity builds on top of the .NET framework but enables caching by default to be in line with other Mobile SDKs. Default set to `Application.persistentDataPath`, set to `null` to disable offline caching.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Client SDKs built on top of the Sentry SDK for .NET such Xamarin and Unity have this feature enabled by default. For example, in the case of Unity, the default value is `Application.persistentDataPath`. You can disable offline caching by setting it to `null`.
```
